
     Version 5.5.2:
Updated rfxON to always stay on when the player desires it.

     Version 5.5.1:
Re-fixed Login effect bug.

     Version 5.5:
Fixed Login Effect Bug.

     Version 5.4:
Fixed the 2nd login bug where players wouldnt receive a message.
fixed some other bugs but ive lost track of them honestly.

     Version 5.2:
Fixed the bug where all sounds were being stopped continuously.
and the the message function looping.  Much more performance friendly now. *Nervous Laugh*

     Version 5.1:
Fixed a bug where the random effect wouldn't go away after login.

     Version 5.0:
Fixed a multiplayer bug where people who joined after 1 person wouldnt receive messages.

     Version 4.8:
Added 400 New Messages from 2b2t's Motd list. 
There are now a total of 1500 Random messages.  (and thats probably where it will stay)
Bug fixes: /trigger stoprecord command now stops all sounds. (previously just records)

     Version 4.7.7:
Added 409 New Messages, Total Message Count: 1100
Fixed music and effects to fit with new numbers
Message sources: Discord Loading Lines, Google Translate Resource Pack, Random Ideas, 2b2t Motds, minecraft advancements.

     Version 4.7.5:
Added: 31 Messages, Total Message count now: 691
Functionality Update: added Toggle Commands to enable/Disable The music and Effects on login.
/trigger <ToggleRecord-ToggleRFX>
ToggleRecord: Toggle whether Music plays on login
ToggleRFX: Toggle whether Effects play at login.

     Version 4.7
Funtionality Update:
Added 4 Commands, /trigger <motd-stoprecord-rfxON-rfxOFF>
motd: sends the player a random message
stoprecord: stops the music that plays.
rfxON: Turn on Effects for yourself.
rfxOFF: Turn off Effects for yourself.

     Version 4.6:
Functionality Update: 
Added random effects to logins, such as, music playing, cloaks, area effects and auras.

     Version 4.5:
Functionality Update: 
Welcome new players to the server with a server-wide Greeting that everyone can see with the new players name.
(new players get a server-wide greeting)

     Version 4.4:
Bug fix: The new player message no longer broadcasts server-wide.
(New players get a personal welcome message)
(The way the datapack was originally intended to work by the developer)

     Version 4.3:
Added 400 New Random Messages.  There are now 660 Messages.  (Good Luck Editing Them loool)

     Version 4.2:
Increased Message count to 260.  Added 134 new random messages.

     Version 4.0: Bug Fix
Attempted to fix a bug where some new players dont recieve messages.  (report any issues please)


     Old Versions with Patchy Notes at best:
     (3.3/3.5 work as advertised)

     Version 3.9: Working moslty as intended.  (report any bugs please)
Fixed the Bug where New players do not get Messages.
Now new players will get a specific message!  which can be customized in the new.mcf

     Version 3.8:
Merged v3.3 and v3.5 for optimal functionality and performance.
Bugs attempted to be fixed(but failed), Performance Optimized.

     Version 3.5:
Broken but i left it up in case someone likes its functionality.
Sends a message to everyone when someone logs in.

     Version 3.3:
Performance Overhaul
Issues:
Doesn't send a message to players the first time they login.
